>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
let's look at this pattern.
Can someone identify the pattern for me?
>> Speaker 2: It's an act,
then left then right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Or self act,
then left then right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
let's test it out.
So self 11, then we go left to 7.
Once we're on 7, the column on self and
then we go to five to the left, right?
Self, three, self and return and
relief, and then we go back up.
We already called on self, so
then the next one is right.
So self, left, right.
And you might notice that it's easiest
to kind of see that in this leftmost.
Little subtree, so we have self,
left, and then right.
And because it works on one little subtree
it's gonna work on the bigger subtree.
And the big momma subtree of all
subtrees or the entire tree actually.
Unless it's a subtree, cuz I don't
know where this arrow is coming from.
That's pre-order, so
when we set the order for
post order it was left self right.
>> Speaker 3: In order.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Sorry,
in order left self right.
Okay, in our code kinda looks like that,
in our pseudocode.
Let's see if I still have it.
Left, self,
right.
So pre order,
let's try to pseudocode out our pre order.
I'll put it over here
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
those are post-order, but
we'll leave it up there for reference.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So what's the pattern?
>> Speaker 2: For pre-order?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, Self.
>> Speaker 2: Self
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Left.
>> Speaker 2: Left.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Right.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
how in this pattern up here,
let's do,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Left, Self, Right.
So this is in order,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
then we have our Pre-Order.
Smiley face just cuz why not.
It's 3 o'clock on a Thursday.
Smiley o'clock somewhere.
Okay, Self, Left, Right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Can anyone guess?
We have a pattern up here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How
do we apply the pattern?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm?
>> Speaker 3: You mean for post, or for
just pseudocode in this one?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: For a pre-order.
>> Speaker 3: For pre-order, it would just
be you would use your function first.
And then you would traverse left and
traverse right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, exactly.
So here we have go left,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
then we, this is Self, right?
And you can almost just copy and
paste this over.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we need to start with Self.
Then we go left.
And then we wanna
go right.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Does
anyone not believe me?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Sometimes there's
disbelievers in the world, and
I accept all faiths.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But
you can join my cult any day.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Just kidding,
I would never do that.
Okay, or would I?
I don't know.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I don't know,
I'll let you guys, let that percolate.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Do you guys wanna do
the thing that we do?
Our stack thing?
Or are we good?
Stack thing, or are we good?
>> Speaker 3: Good.
I'm good.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Good?
Everyone's good?
>> Speaker 2: Two thumbs.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Two
thumbs if you're good.
MIddle thumb if you want
me to do the stack thing.
Middle thumbs?
Okay, we'll do it quick.
Okay, so we have the value Starts at 11.
Let's start at 5 just to make it small.
So our value is 5.
We enter into this function.
The first thing we do is call in on 5.
We have our happy //5!!!
Then, we traverse on left.
So this is saying if there's a left.
This is coming up a lot.
You can totally do this and it's fine.
It does the same thing
as far as I'm concerned.
So if this is true,
then you are going to traverse left.
So when we traverse that's a recursive
call, we're gonna Stop here.
And we're going to put
our
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Function here.
So,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We
just called this.left.
What is this.left?
Timbe, do you know?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: 3, absolutely.
So the value here in our
next call is gonna be 3.
So then we call the function.
So now we have a super-happy 3,
all the smileys.
And then, is there a left?
Nope.
Is there a right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: From three.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Does three have
a this.right?
Nope.
So then we do what?
When come to end of function or
return we, we should all say together.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Pop it off the stack,
yeah.
I know it's late in the afternoon.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Tough
lives we have here.
Cool.
So we popped it off the stack.
We come where we left off.
So we left off there.
And again, we're back at five
cuz we've popped out the stack.
We're in the next level above.
The very next line of code we say,
is there a right?
Does five have a right?
Yes.
So let's traverse there.
And the value is six, right?
And then we do the thing
Here's a thing that we do.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So our value is 6,
put some exclamation points.
Does 6 have a left?
Nope, does 6 have a right?
Nope.
We come to the end and then we just
return the heck out of there, right?
Out of there, out of there, out of there.
And now, we left off here, remember?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We're done,
and we pop off this stack.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: To the next level,
what's the next level?
Seven.
>> Speaker 2: Seven.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Seven, exactly,
and then we would go to sevens right.
Straight from there.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Do we get it?
Great.
So that's pre-order, self,
left, right, self, left, right.
Again we can pick here to
kind of get a more and
easier to understand perspective,
self, left, right?
You do a dance with it too,
that's some hip so it makes you remember